---
created: 2022-06-25T18:00:00-06:00
modified: 2022-06-26
updated: 2022-06-26T17:07:52-06:00
---
# Sunday, June 26, 2022
---





---
#### << [[2022-06-25]] | [[2022-06-27]] >>
---

---
URL: https://www.glassdoor.ca/Job/calgary-ab-senior-software-engineer-jobs-SRCH_IL.0,10_IC2275123_KO11,35.htm?src=GD_JOB_AD&rdserp=true&srs=EI_JOBS&jl=1007889834835&ao=1136043&s=21&guid=00000181a188deec96da75a6ab76337e&pos=103&t=ESR&vt=w&uido=BEDF8E56CB294BE5A5728EE170321A8D&ea=1&cs=1_3c35fee1&cb=1656272511119&jobListingId=1007889834835&jrtk=3-0-1g6goho0c2a85001-1g6goho17ihm8800-beddc6526aff06ab-
date: 2022-06-26 14:00:17
---
### Senior software engineer Jobs in Calgary, AB | Glassdoor

> Are you looking for an opportunity to apply your skills and talent to spark both innovation and positive social change? Symend is a rapidly growing fintech company that combines behavioral science with advanced AI, data, and analytics capabilities to enable companies to engage at-risk customers more effectively and humanely. By creating better ways to approach individuals with empathy and dignity at the time when they need it most, Symend's employees are helping to transform the science of customer engagement and improve lives in North America and around the world.
> 
> The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for producing and implementing functional software solutions that align with the client needs and business goals.
> 
> -   Define objectives by analyzing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality
> -   Recommend system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages of custom development and purchase alternatives
> -   Integrate applications by designing database architecture and server scripting; studying and establishing connectivity with network systems, search engines and information servers
> -   Accomplish programming project requirements through active development and mentoring team members
> -   Meet programming standards by following production, productivity, quality and customer-service standards; identifying work process improvements; implementing new technology
> -   Plan engineering projects by confirming objectives and specifications with clients and internal teams
> -   Verify system operation by confirming tests and collaborating with the QA team
> 
> **Education:**
> 
> -   Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent
> 
> **Experience:**
> 
> -   7+ years delivering software
> 
> **Key Competencies and Skills:**
> 
> -   High level of working knowledge with C#, .NET, SQLServer
> -   High level of working knowledge with NoSQL and serverless architectures
> -   Experience with DevOps would be an asset
> -   Experience breaking down user problems into stories and solutioning
> -   Experience working on iterative projects with continuous delivery pipelines
> -   Experience with test driven development would be an asset
> -   Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical audiences
> -   Exceptional interpersonal and relationship management skills
> -   Demonstrated effectiveness working across multiple business units to achieve results
> -   Hands on development experience or full understanding of mobile and service development pipeline and process
> -   Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects
> -   Strong problem-solving skills; the ability to analyze problems and develop actionable and appropriate tactical plans quickly
> -   Ability to succeed in a fast-paced, innovative, and rapidly evolving industry and business organization
> 
> **Key Measures of Succes**
> 
> -   Analyzing system requirements and prioritizing tasks
> -   Writing clean, testable code using .NET and React programming languages
> -   Developing technical specifications and architecture
> 
> All positions require background screening. This will include criminal and education checks to comply with regulations.
> 
> **Why Symend?**
> 
> We could tell you all about our competitive compensation, flexible work environment, social Fridays, and awesome team events, but working at Symend is so much more than that!
> 
> Working at Symend means being part of a driven and collaborative team that values trust, accountability and continuous learning. We work hard, but always make time for fun!
> 
> You get the chance to do work that matters on a product that truly changes lives!
> 
> **About Symend**  
> At Symend, we believe that all customers should be treated with empathy and dignity. That's why we leverage our deep understanding of consumer behavior to create personalized interactions that better engage and empower customers at all points of the customer journey. Our digital engagement platform uses behavioral science, data science and advanced analytics to help our clients build stronger relationships with their customers. Symend: The science of engagement.™
> 
> Symend's relationship-based approach keeps enterprises attuned to the changing needs of their customers and empowers them to take action. This increases customer satisfaction, lowers operating costs, and helps resolve past due bills before reaching collections.
> 
> Founded in 2016, Symend's platform is purpose built to serve complex global enterprises in telecommunications, financial services, utilities and media. Symend is headquartered in Calgary and privately held, with global operations across Canada, the United States and Latin America.
> 
> **Symend: The science of engagement.™**
> 
> **Symend's Privacy Policy**
> 
> By submitting your application, you agree that we may use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy.

---
---
URL: https://salestechstar.com/b2b-technology/symend-appoints-corey-scobie-as-chief-technology-officer-following-chef-acquisition/
date: 2022-06-26 17:07:14
---
### Symend appoints Corey Scobie as Chief Technology Officer

---